oil has fallen to nearly forty five
dollars a barrel as OPEC deal
anticipation and uncertainty after 10
hours of failed talks Japan stocks rise
as the yen weakens Australia reports the
steepest year-on-year drop in building
approvals since 2011 gold remains
relatively unchanged just shy of twelve
hundred dollars an ounce industrial
metals have bounced back up a bit the
Trump rally seems to be fading as
investors remain unsure until his
inauguration if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative then check out my
website where I have tons of free
information including free ebooks and a
free e-course